[BUGS-5990] Prefix surrogate keys with blog ID on WPMS (#228)
pantheon-systems/pantheon-advanced-page-cache: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Workflow

Development and releases are structured around two branches, `develop` and `master`. The `develop` branch is the default branch for the repository, and is the source and destination for feature branches.

We prefer to squash commits (i.e. avoid merge PRs) from a feature branch into `develop` when merging, and to include the PR # in the commit message. PRs to `develop` should also include any relevent updates to the changelog in readme.txt. For example, if a feature constitutes a minor or major version bump, that version update should be discussed and made as part of approving and merging the feature into `develop`.

`develop` should be stable and usable, though possibly a few commits ahead of the public release on wp.org.

The `master` branch matches the latest stable release deployed to [wp.org](wp.org).

## Release Process

1. From `develop`, checkout a new branch `release_X.Y.Z`.
1. Make a release commit:

>     * Drop the `-dev` from the version number in [readme.txt](./readme.txt) and [wp-decoupled-preview.php](./wp-decoupled-preview.php)

Reviewer: Fix files referenced
```suggestion
    * Drop the `-dev` from the version number in `package.json`, `README.md`, `readme.txt`, and `pantheon-advanced-page-cache.php`.
```
